Now it is the next phase is not done in the Well acoustic guitar of I electric unique to say that big scratch
There is no such thing, but this is common in electric
I want to try to get it
Ah ah ah ah
I think I have heard of this, right-this is part of this side of the pig
5 If the have is here is good to use here is received
car
I turned it over sideways
A bite that turns your thumb down
Here
Open this 2-open open
Dear Bonnie
Bytes of
I think both are good and easy to do
big cat a little high usually the even as you have to like this
Protruding and I please I wish big ho thumb
It is said that it will enliven
It will be taken to the usual who will protect her deeply what happens
I thought such Mr.
There is also a side here, so it's great, but it's nice to have a big peak, but it's only a long time
After that we will do've done N do is yes, please look at this angle
It is 4 volumes direct return diameter
As we speak rubbed a big say why I will Bitte feel this wound before the jagged
Just because
It is not good to cut the resistance also will be rewarded over from the resistance increases
It's all right for the time being, so it's just a part of it.
Why is the sound coming back?
yeah
is a big Shokumen me Moga to not say this I your Genroku tax
by integrated 4 strings
It doesn't matter if you hit in the middle, either way
Ja It is I think that this is also good if Moraere selected with the sound
Not out of this big scratch
I would like to play a phrase for a moment
yeah
Guard
Hey Hey Hei
ni
car
danejones
yeah
re
wh
car
It feels like I dare to feel a little like my sister Fix on foot I feel very swollen
I think
First a
I made a shoe yeah
car
It has slowly Nde no longer play a much Conchita
Hmm
And there is this sober change
Noon Noon down you have Boo Boo
I am
13 said visible
Good Iiiiiiiiiiii
Iiiiiiiiiiiiii
I will not miss the blank space
Ah ah ah ah
I can do Neymar 4
Since the no longer play here that has gone to the upper using Copic in
aaa every day ona
Not
Hmm
People are n't talking, and I don't think in the first place I think at first I mute
Please give me
ni
me
tan
yeah yeah
It will be a
I will put Epic watermark so I think this is also he who quite interesting
I hope you can practice while taking a face- to- face meeting
I will not go next Arming Let's go